Welcome everyone to Production-Grade Vue
hosted by Frontend Masters.
I'm really excited to be here with
you all today fun fact about me is I
really love going to amusement parks.
If you can't find me, here's me on
the Jurassic Park River Adventure ride
at the Universal Orlando Studio.
So yeah, so I'm the the guy up
here in the upper right, but
in case you're wondering, don't worry,
this photo was taken way back in 2017.
So, still practising safe distancing and
all but
man definitely missed those
adventure rides yeah cool.
So, for those who don't know me,
my name is Ben Hong you might know some
of my work through the Vue JS Doc's.
I'm a member of the core team and
do a lot of work through the docs teams.
As well as helped to lead other
projects like view press and
just help out with around
the community just as a whole.
I'm also a senior developer
experience engineer at metla phi and
if you're looking for
me on the internet of things.
You can find me under the moniker Ben
code Zen basically everywhere so, yeah.
So as far as a big question about this is,
will the stuff I'd be talking
will be applicable to V2 or V3.
Basically across the board
all the principles and
ideas we're talking about
applied to both V2 and 3.
If there's anything really specific that
I'm doing that's going to be different in
Vue 3 from Vue 2 such as tote examples.
We'll be signifying with this
little Vue themes one Piece logo so
that's what that is.
So yeah, fun trivia if you didn't know
the release names of Vue are usually named
after anime.
So Vue 3 is named after one piece
that's the little origin story behind
the logo right there.
And finally,
the important thing to understand
here is that all code is compromised.
So a lot of the ideas I'm going to be
sharing today are things that I've
encountered through different apps.
And ideas that I've discussed
with the core team about but
it is up to you please feel free to agree
and or and or disagree with certain ideas.
Because a lot of times when it comes to
the ideas that we're gonna be discussing,
it's about the context that are involved.
And what may work for a lot of teams
may not be great at all for your team.
So, your opinion and your experience
matters and what What your team's
preferences are the key thing is that you
choose what's best for you and your team.
And as long as you do that,
we'll be good to go so
just keep that in mind as
we go through the material.